Here's how you can turn any 3D animation
into pixel art. I built a small browser
tool that converts [music] 3D animations
into clean sprite sheets for 2D games.
It runs entirely in your browser and
it's on it.io. You upload a model, pick
an animation, choose perspective and
directions, adjust frame [music] count
and size, generate, export PNG. That's
step one. Step two, pixel lab. We take
that sprite sheet and use animation to
[music] animation. Now you can
completely reinterpret the animation
into pixel art while keeping the
original motion. You can just describe a
new character [music] like blonde woman
wearing a farmer's outfit. And it keeps
the animation structure and silhouette.
It won't randomly add weird shapes.
[music] It respects the motion. Or you
can use a reference image to transfer a
character design onto the animation.
Important, [music]
it adapts the design to the animation
skeleton, not the other way around. If
you want it close [music] to the
original 3D character, use init image.
This lets you basically replicate the
model by actually using the whole
animation as a reference [music] and
making a sprite really similar to the
model. So check it out at pixelab.ai AI